Evan, I know you're nervous
about your first
grown-up haircut,
but you're in safe hands
with Reuben.
He's the best in the biz.
I used to cut
Gregory Hines' hair.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
So what will it be today, Louis?
Well, with Chinese New Year
coming up,
we're gonna need extra
fresh cuts.
Better make it two usuals.
Actually, I'll have
the "Randy."
The who?
Randy from "Home Improvement."
You know,
Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
Is that one person
or three people?
One, but with the talent
of three.
Okay, your haircut,
your choice.
One usual
and one "Randy," please.
A usual and a "Randy,"
coming up.
I hope we don't run into
any balloons on our way home
because we are
gonna look sharp.
[ Chuckling ]
Thanks, Reuben.
See, what did I tell you?
Isn't Reuben the best?
-- Captions by VITAC --
* Fresh off the boat
* I'm gettin' mine
everywhere I go *
* If you don't know, homey,
now you know *
* Fresh off the boat
* Homey, you don't know
where I come from *
* But I know where I'm goin'
* I'm fresh off the boat
[ Birds chirping ]
Art thou the bird
who man loves best?
The pious bird
with the scarlet breast.
Is that a "Yes, I returned
Marvin's birdfeeder"
or a "No, I didn't return
Marvin's birdfeeder"?
Yes, I returned it.
Good, Louis is clean.
That just leave you boys,
with the exception of Emery,
who is clean all year round.
I don't get why
we're going through
all this trouble
for a holiday.
Having a clean slate is
an important part
of the lunar New Year.
All debts, disputes, and grudges
have to be resolved
in order to ensure good fortune
for the coming year.
Mom's just looking out
for future us.
Well, she better also be
looking out for Mariah Carey
because that's who
future me is married to.
I'm gonna marry Jewel.
[ Sternly ]
Stay away from Jewel.
Evan, did you settle things
with Carol-Joan
after your incident?
And so the bartender says,
"Why the big pause?"
And the bear says --
"I don't know.
I've always had them."
[ Laughter ]
I apologized
with a fig basket.
It's done.
Good.
Eddie, did you care
for Grandma's flowers
like I asked you to?
Care for them?
I spoiled them.
Turns out,
they love Mr. Pibb.
Technically, it's still alive,
so good enough.
Second cousin Susan?
You've been in a fight with her
for 30 years.
Louis, do you know
what this means?
This could be the first time
our entire family has
a clean slate
for the New Year!
Imagine what that kind
of good fortune could mean
for our future business dealings
and scratch-offs.
But, Mom, you've never had
a clean slate.
You always end up getting
into a fight with somebody.
You're kind of
a loose cannon.
A loose cannon
downs more ships.
I don't --
Don't worry.
This year,
to ensure success,
I am putting myself
on lock down.
If I don't leave the house,
I can't get into any fights.
Really? You're just
gonna stay inside?
I've already run
all my errands,
paid all my debts,
settled my disputes,
and had enough time
to rent "Courage Under Fire."
Um...
Who is that?
Very.
[ Sighs ]
Simon, welcome.
Eddie will take
good care of you.
[ Whispering ]
Me? Have Evan do it.
He's basically a big Evan.
Look at him!
Welcoming family is an important
New Year's tradition.
He is your new
"Grandma's flowers."
Don't let him die.
[ Tune of "Hit Me
with Your Best Shot" ]
* Organize my dress socks
* Why don't I organize
my dress socks? *
* Organize my dress socks
and put them away *
Uh...Dad.
Oh, Evan, hi. What's up?
I have a problem.
The letter was right here,
stamped and addressed,
and now it's gone.
So? Your mom
probably mailed it.
You don't understand.
The letter was hate mail.
You sent hate mail?
I was gonna send it
after the New Year,
but then someone went
and mailed it.
Now Reuben's gonna
read it today,
and I'll have bad luck
for the entire year.
Evan, relax.
I'm sure whoever...
Wait.
Reuben who?
You know, Reuben.
Your barber?
* [ Rapping ] Your rhymes
are like air balls *
* Mine are Magic, I Shaq it
* You tryin' to kill me
in a battle? *
* Break out that old
Browns jacket *
Ooh!
Eddie!
Trent:
I hate the Browns now.
What are you doing?
Get in here and take care
of your cousin.
I found him reading
an old MAD magazine.
I was teaching him
about America through humor.
"Dunces with Wolves."
[ Laughs ] Genius.
That's your cousin?
Is he cool?
His shorts
almost touch his nipples.
What if he reads your letter
and won't cut my hair anymore?
Or he tells the other barbers?
You know how they talk.
Do you know how hard it is
to find a good barber?
It's like dating
but for your hair.
He's not that good, Dad.
I mean, look at this mess.
I asked for a "Randy,"
and he gave me a "Brad."
Nobody knows
who those people are!
I've been going to Reuben
since we moved to Orlando.
I can't start over
and find somebody new.
Maybe he won't
know who sent it.
I signed the letter...
"Unhappy Customer."
Oh, really? [ Chuckles ]
What else did it say?
It said, "You don't know
how to cut Asian hair.
I asked for a 'Randy,'
and you gave me a 'Brad.'"
Evan, he's gonna know
that's us!
Put your shoes on.
We've got to
get that letter back
before it ruins the New Year
for the both of us.
[ Sighs ]
[ Movie plays on TV ]
Ugh!
Well, good thing
I'm wearing my movie jeans
and not my lucky red --
[ Gasps ]
Emery...[ Sighs ]
I need your help.
What's up?
I forgot to pick up my lucky red
dress from the dry cleaner's --
the one I've worn every
New Year's since I retired
my women's-powersuit-
dragon-broach combo in 1989.
And, let me guess, you want me
to make you a new one.
What? No.
No, I want you to come
to the dry cleaner's with me
to pick it up.
Why me?
Because I want to make it
to New Year's dinner
with a clean slate,
and I don't trust myself
out there alone.
So you want me
to be your kindness Sherpa,
your karma spirit guide,
your bodyguard for --
Enough examples, but yes.
You get along
with everybody,
so I'm just
gonna follow your lead.
No more loose cannon.
Don't worry, Mom.
Just put your hand
on my shoulder,
and I'll guide you,
like a seeing eye dog except --
I'll wait outside.
[ Wind chimes ring loudly ]
Hey! You like?
We brought it back
from New Mexico.
Too big for the overhead,
so we had to check them.
If the wind blows
just right,
they play the intro
to "Jack & Diane."
[ Laughs ]
Emery, go get
my step ladder
and the big scissors
I use to cut meat.
We love them!
Wind chimes are
nature's instrument.
[ Both chuckle ]
What are you doing?
Those pipes sound
like somebody
let an octopus loose
in the Williams-Sonoma.
I know, Mom, but if you're
gonna stay clean today,
you're gonna need
to control your temper.
I'm your kindness Sherpa,
remember?
Yes, you're right.
But just so you know,
as soon as the New Year is over,
I'm going to steal
those chimes
and drop them
in the bottom of the ocean.
I know you will, Mom.
Hide them where no one
can find them.
Okay, Mom.
Wrap them in chains,
drive them to the pier,
and then I'm gonna
drop them off --
Mom! I get it.
You hate the chimes.
Ding-dong! You're
at the bottom of the ocean.
[ Video game music plays ]
Are you sure
I'm controlling the Koopas?
Yeah, yeah, I told you,
I control Mario,
and you control
the Koopas and the Boos.
It's how the game works.
Hey, what'd you
do that for?
Grandma, what does it look
like I'm doing?
He's having fun.
Grandma, that's
a great idea.
I know just the place.
Hey, Simon.
Have you ever...
built a bear?
I built a miniature model
of the Titanic once
for history class.
I used Tic Tacs
for the life boats.
Uh-huh.
Well, here,
you build a bear.
All the cool kids do it.
Okay, do you want
to build one together?
We can make it a blend
of both of us.
What boy names do you like?
I like Carl.
It's kind of something
you do by yourself.
Like, the bear chooses you.
That kind of thing.
Have fun.
And then you just hand the
dry cleaner your ticket, smile,
and I'll handle the rest.
He calls me "Jessie."
You know that? Jessie.
Like I'm
a German shepherd.
You can do this.
I believe in you.
All we have to do
is walk over there and --
Uh-oh.
Hello, can you spare any change
today to save the whales?
Okay, new plan.
I go in alone
and get your dress.
What do I do?
You stay here, relax,
and listen to
the soothing sounds of NPR.
Man: And with that,
Coney Island was born.
The boardwalk,
the cotton candy,
and, of course,
La Marcus Thompson's
[ Yawns ]
switchback gravity railway.
You know what?
I am relaxed.
I'll be back
in five minutes.
Okay.
Stay in the car
and lock the doors.
Mm.
The island itself?
Named for all the Coneys,
or rabbits...
Louis: Reuben always
goes on break at 1:30.
He'll head to the back
to eat a yogurt,
and we can duck in and see if
the letter's been delivered yet.
How will we know?
Reuben always gets
a new issue
of Sports Illustrated
in the mail.
If the new issue's
on the counter,
that means the mail
has been delivered,
and it's too late.
If it's still last week's,
we're okay.
Now's our chance.
Let's go.
"America's Top 50 Jock Schools."
Is that this week's
or last week's?
I only read "Zillions."
Last week's, which means
the mail hasn't been --
[ Door opens ]
Louis.
What are you doing here?
Oh. [ Laughs ]
We're here because, um,
Evan needs another haircut.
Thanks, Reuben,
great work as always.
This is great. Reuben hasn't
gotten your letter yet.
Great? Look at my hair.
I look like Grace Jones.
What's the problem?
She's a handsome woman.
* [ Rapping ] You don't
want this fire *
* My words burn,
bet your health *
* Put you out with water
* But you're only gonna
wet yourself *
Hey, cousin Eddie.
You were right about that place.
It was awesome.
You can design your bear's
shirt and everything.
I made one of you...
and one of me.
Why is mine holding
a fishing rod?
I had to guess
your hobbies.
Nice tweddy bear, Eddie.
Walter, give me a beat.
[ Beatboxing ]
* [ Rapping ] I don't
know you, dawg *
* If we're related,
it's barely *
* I could care less
* So if I'm hating,
it's barely *
* Why are you here,
ringside? *
* You made weight?
Barely *
* Oh, you're just watching,
on a date with bear me *
* Come to my town,
and you're whacker than whack *
* Pick any store, Simon,
I'll get a bag for you to pack *
* Return to manufacturer,
It's personality you lack *
* I'm done babysitting,
I'll just give my money back *
Oh!Oh!
Ohhhhhhh!
* [ Rapping ] Young Frankenstein
thinks I'm dumb? *
* Well, the truth is,
I'm dumb nice *
* You's a sucker
like a lollipop *
* In other words,
you're dumb twice *
* You think
you're better, wrong *
you're fresher, wrong *
* And after this spanking
* I'mma call you
Wedgie Huang *
* An hour away from you?
* I was thrilled,
on balance *
* Yeah, I built two bears
I charged it to your allowance *
* So call your mom
to pick us up *
* Then do us a favor --
shut your trap *
* I'm in Orlando to see Mickey,
not a little Goofy rap *
-That was so cool.
-That was tight.
[ Laughter ]
-How did you do that?
-Sick, man.
-That was so cool.
-Love it.
Woman: And that's where
I met my husband,
right there on the boardwalk.
Why is this taking so long?
He was an engineer
on the Cyclone,
and I sold cotton candy
at the --
**
Hello.
Can you spare any change today
to save the whales?
Yes.
[ Coins clink ]
You owe me another $5.
I gave a $20.
No, you gave me a $10.
You owe me another $5.
Oh, now you're
in for it, buddy.
Mom, this guy's a liar,
and he's trying
to steal my money.
Emery, just pay the man
what he says you owe him.
What?
Me?
But he's a liar.
You come into my store
and call me a liar?
That's it.
You're going on the wall.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
Aren't you gonna
say anything?
[ Sighs ]
Great, now how are people going
to know we do shoes?
Why didn't you stick up for me?
Don't you believe me?
Of course, I believe you.
We're supposed to be
avoiding conflicts,
not starting new ones.
Last week, you yelled
at a bus driver
for not wearing his hat.
But the one time I need you
to get angry for me,
you leave me hanging?
You care more about
your holiday superstitions
than you do about me.
No. That is not true.
I just want our whole family
to start out the New Year
on the right foot for once.
That is worth $5 to me.
So please, just go in there
and give that man his money.
No way.
You know, $5 could
de-barnacle a whole pod.
Okay, now let's go over
the plan again.
I pretend to lose my car keys
down this grate,
then when the mailman
comes to help me,
I hit the mail out
of his hands,
you grab the letter
and rip it up.
Isn't holding up a mailman
worse than just
sending an angry letter?
Can we just
ask for it back?
Have you ever tried reasoning
with a mailman, son?
You can't. They're crazy.
You've got to come strong.
Oh. [ Laughs ]
Thank God you're here.
Uh, my keys have
fallen down this grate.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Now!
What'd you do that for?
Oh, uh, I'm sorry.
I don't know what came over --
Now!
Will you stop doing that?
[ Siren wails ]
Everything okay, Louis?
Looks like you're trying
to assault a federal employee.
Assault? [ Laughs ]
Oh, no.
I just, uh -- I --
my keys fell down a grate.
Look, I'm late
for a bat mitzvah,
so I'm gonna let you off
with a warning.
Just, you know, be cool.
[ Whistling ]
There goes my relationship
with Reuben.
[ Sighs ] We didn't get
the letter back,
and I have
a terrible haircut.
My year of bad luck has
already begun.
So you didn't exactly get
the haircut you wanted.
I didn't like my haircut
when I first went to Reuben.
I wanted the "Clooney,"
but he gave me this.
After a while,
I got used to it.
Why'd you keep going back to him
if it wasn't what you wanted?
I don't know.
He was just so nice.
He called me "Big Guy."
I didn't want
to hurt his feelings.
Plus, it's a good haircut.
But it could be
a great haircut.
You said that finding the
right barber was like dating.
Would you have settled
for anyone less than Mom?
No.
You deserve
the "Clooney," Dad.
We all do.
[ Wind chimes ring
to the tune of "Jack & Diane" ]
Looks like
we're getting a storm.
[ Laughs ]
That's right, girls.
Sing for your supper.
Are you sure? I could have
sworn I gave you a $20.
Nope. You gave me a $10.
I'm sure of it.
You owe me another $5.
[ Sighs ] Not you again.
I am here to make
things right for my son.
This is the extra $5
he owes you.
I apologize
for his behavior.
And I ask that you take his
photo down from your shame wall
so he can start out the New Year
with a clean slate.
Apology accepted.
But only because
I need the business.
My wife has...
expensive tastes.
My son's photo, please.
Oh!
Thank you.
And now you're going to want
to take my picture.
Why would I want to take --
Trust me.
You're going to want
to take my picture.
**
Hey.
What you did back there --
It -- [ Sighs ]
It was impolite.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
You were awesome.
I'm the one who should be
saying sorry
for the way I treated you.
You're not mad
that I embarrassed you?
I was just mad
because you were so good.
I mean, you rhymed "balance"
with "allowance."
You're amazing, dawg.
How'd you get so dope
at freestyling?
I love hip-hop.
How come you never
said anything?
You never asked.
Hmm.
For real though,
you could become
a famous rapper one day.
Rap's just a hobby for me.
My real passion is
marine biology.
Do you see any
Asian rappers in here?
Me neither.
You have a gift.
You have a chance
to change the game.
I'll think about it.
Come on.
How did you get this?
I'm sorry for
not having your back.
I get it.
It's Chinese New Year,
and you wanted to start clean.
It's not just that.
I didn't stand up for you
because I don't want to set
that kind of example for you.
I don't want to teach you
that fighting
is always the answer.
But you fight
with, like, everybody --
delivery guys, firemen,
the cat outside
the frozen yogurt place.
Yes.
And you're good.
And you get along
with everybody.
And you're always smiling.
I don't want you
to be more like me.
I want to be
more like you.
I've witnessed
the softening
of the hardest of hearts
by a simple smile.
Goldie Hawn said that.
Goldie...
also sounds like
a dog's name.
[ Speaking Chinese ]
What happened to your hair?
Tried out a new barber.
He finally gave me
exactly what I asked for --
the "Clooney."
You hate it, don't you?
So much.
[ Inhales deeply ]
But at least now I know.
Like I know sending that letter
won't bring me bad luck
because it wasn't hate mail,
it was truth mail.
[ Chuckles ]
You did it, Mom.
You made it to the New Year
with a clean slate.
Yeah...
Uh, orange and full of juice.
Um...an orange?
The color of my first car.
Tan!
Powder blue!
Electric plum!
You're shouting
in my ear.
It's tangerines.
Now sit back and enjoy
the entertainment.
* [ Rapping ] Big ups
to the Huangs *
* Never say you ain't
the flyest *
Never!
* You can't pick
your own family *
* but you can
pick your hair stylist *
Uh-huh!
* My man Louis the wildest,
Jessica mad stylish *
Yo!
* Evan's on a short leash,
and Emery the least childish *
Uh-huh.
* Mario to my Luigi,
Eddie my partner in rhyme *
* Any problems with my people
* We'll silence you
like the chimes *
Bing-bang.
* All love, same blood
* From the womb to the tomb
* Just don't ask me to leave
* I already took Evan's room
Sorry, Evan!
[ Laughter, cheering ]
Well, that's great.
Who is that?